AX Venezuela.

Hello Runners, nice to greet you, I'm Andrés Pernía, Leader and Ambassador of AXE for Venezuela.

In this first opportunity I want to introduce you to AXE VENEZUELA, a project led from Venezuela that seeks the adoption and implementation of AX in the entire Venezuelan territory through Advertising, Marketing, Remittances, Savings and Investment Funds and implementation as a form of Payment.

Venezuela is currently the number one country in Latin America in Bitcoin transactions according to LocalBitcoins statistics, this is because Venezuelans seek to save their money from hyperinflation and economic crisis in cryptocurrencies. On a daily basis, a large part of Venezuelans are affected by hyperinflation and the economic crisis caused directly by the current government. Venezuela is not only a leader in trading Bitcoins through localbitcoins, but it is also a leader in mining due to its low cost of electricity but it is also a leader in stores that accept cryptocurrencies as a form of payment thanks to DASH.

In AXE Venezuela we have the mission of taking this advantage of the world of cryptocurrencies in Venezuela to implement AXE and that it becomes a daily use currency for payments in shops, service payments, remittance shipments and savings that allow Venezuelans protect yourself from hyperinflation and safeguard your money. Without a doubt, Venezuela is a country with a lot of potential for cryptocurrencies and AXE can be a pioneer in this.

Our initial proposal basically focuses on 3 fundamental pillars: advertising, marketing and commerce.

Below we present our proposal and how the budget will be distributed, if there is anything left over, it will be used for the following month.

This proposal is based to be used monthly, awaiting approval to begin the conquest of Venezuelan territory with AXE.

PROPOSAL:

1) AXE advertising on social networks (Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, Twitter, Telegram, WhatsApp) and places in the cities of Venezuela, including digital and printed content, videos and campaigns. The budget for this is 344 AXE ($200).

2) Ambassador Plan for instruction and adoption of AX in shops / businesses.
-> Ambassadors are people trained to recruit shops that accept AXE as a form of payment. The shops will receive instruction, advice and follow-up from the Ambassadors. Ambassadors will receive a commission payment for successful trade. The budget for this is 301.72 AXE ($175).

3) AXE Store: Investment in AXE Online Store with products designed by AX VENEZUELA for sale (Shirts, Caps, Cups, key chains, shirts, sweaters, pants, etc). In this way, AXE Venezuela can obtain more income from sales of items and increase our capital for new campaigns and new objectives. The budget for this is 344 AXE ($ 200).

4) Salary of the AXE Venezuela team.
Currently our AXE Venezuela team is made up of 5 members who develop specific functions to carry out this project in Venezuela.
- Content creation and social media.
- Commercial and legal advisor.
- Community Manager.
- SEO optimization and web development.
- Project leader and general ambassador.
The budget for this is 2137.93 AXE ($1240).

5) Giveaways, activities, Airdrops, rewards for voting listing on exchanges. Every day we carry out activities in our social networks and Telegram group to keep our community active. Users can participate in various activities to receive rewards in AXE. A cryptocurrency is strengthened with a good community, and to have a good community you must keep it active, happy and connected. The budget for this is 172.41 AXE ($100).

6) Development of 2 websites in Spanish (One for AXE in Spanish with general and informative content of AXE for the entire Spanish-speaking community and another for AXE Venezuela with content clearly from that country, including OTC exchanges, charities, talks and conferences ). The budget for this is 258.62 AXE ($150).

TOTAL AXE = 3558.68 AXE.
TOTAL USD = $2065

Our budget is completely adjusted to the smallest in order to achieve big goals with little and thus be able to cover more territory. From AXE Venezuela we want to extend our gratitude for reading our proposal and we will be greatly grateful if we can count on your vote.

If you have any questions or would like to talk about our proposal, you can write to andres@axerunners.com / ax@esaxecoin.com or directly to our telegram https://t.me/AXEsp - https://t.me/andrzpj

Note: The requested funds will be implemented for the month of November and hoping to count for the coming months.

We attach our social networks:

Telegram:
https://t.me/AXEsp

Discord:
https://discord.gg/UjdkhY5

https://instagram.com/axevzla
https://instagram.com/fundacionaxe

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/axevzla/

Twitter:
https://twitter.com/axevzla

Youtube: 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtqJfrmhJqqeu
Xk4IyXVQ0w
